1. <Didi to offer Chinese visitors sharing services in Australia>
	Didi said it plans to offer a roaming services from next month so that Chinese visitors can enjoy ride sharing services while traveling in Australia.
	In its latest move toward overseas expansion , Chinese visitors to Australia will be able to access local sharing services via the car-hailing company's original Chinese app.
	Didi began operating in Australia in May through its wholly owned subsidiary Didi Mobility (Australia),offering their Didi Express service to local rides.
The company said that this new move will also bring extra income for local drivers and boost the regional tourist economy.
	It has officially set up its Australia and New Zealand(ANZ) headquarters in Melbourne,while university researchers from around Australia are already taking part in its artificial
 intelligence research initiatives.
	Didi's own-branded private car-hailing service was launched in Mexico and Australia earlier this year.
	Last month, Didi's joint venture with Soft Bank also started offering taxi-hailing services in Japan to local residents and visitors from China.
Words List:
	roaming n. 漫游
	Australia n. 澳大利亚
	expansion n. 扩大，扩张，扩充
	be able to 能够做什么
	car-hailing 打车，叫车
	latest move 最新举措

2.<Birth rate set to continue decline,despite two child policy>
	The number of births in China is expected to continue to fall this year,
the third year of the implementation of a national policy designed to encourage
couples to have a second child,according to president of the China Population Association.
	"The number of peoole born will undoubtedly continue to fall this year,
as well as over the next few years," Zhai Zhenwu, who is also a prominent professor
in population studies in Renmin University of China, said.
	Zhai, president of the China Population Association, said a major reason for the
declining birth rate is the rapidly decreasing number of wowen of childbearing age,
which has kept going down by between 5 million and 6 million every year.
	"So even if the birth ratio remains the same, the total number of people born will
keep decreasing," he said.
	Another reason for the expected decline of births is that many women who planned to
have a second child rushed to get pregnant and give birth in the first serval years of
the implementation of the policy, and the peak in births will be over soon, Zhai said.
	However, Zhai said the universal second child policy has helped to increasing the
birth rate, and the number of second children born in China has accounted for about half
of all the births in China last year.
	"Without the universal second child policy, the number of births would see a more
drastic fall," he said.
	Zhai suggested creating a more friendly environment for couples to give birth, such 
as establishing more nurseries for infants, to encourage the birth of a second child.
	"However, we should realize the fact that various meansures designed to encourage
births will not stop the dwindling birth rate, as experiences in some developed countries
such as Japan and South Korea have shown," he said.

3.<China developing new-generation rocket>
	China is developing a new-generation medium-lift carrier rocket, the Long March-8,
which will be sent into space by 2020.
#正在研制的长征8号新型中程运载火箭将于2020升空。
	The rocket will meet the growing needs of medium and high-orbit commericial rocket
launches, and help upgrade all Chinese carrier rockets in active service, said Song Zhengyu,
lead of the rocket project, at the 12th China international Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition
on Tuesday in Zhuhai, Guangdong Provice.
#星期二在广东珠海开幕的第十二届中国航空航天博览会上，该火箭项目的负责人宋披露，该火箭将主要迎合需求日益增长的中高轨道商业火箭运输市场。
#有助于提升中国所有运载火箭的活跃服务。
	Being developed by China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology, the Long March-8 is expected
to have a carraying capability  of 3 to 4.5 tons for sun-synchronous orbit, and a launch capability
for low-Earth orbit and geosynchronous transfer orbit.
#根据中国航天院的设计，长征8号到同日轨道的载重能力将达3到4.5吨。近地轨道~
	With moderate cost, a short launch preparation cycle and adaptability to conditions of different
launch sites, the rocket will be very competitive in the commercial satellite launch market , said Song.
#合适的价格，很短的发射准备周期以及对于不同发射场地条件的高度适应性，在商用卫星发射市场上，该火箭具有良好的竞争力。
	